Update User Guide (#143)
CS2103-AY1819S2-W14-1/main: docs/UserGuide.adoc

* `start n/country-capitals-asia c/20 m/PREVIEW` +
Starts a quiz containing 20 cards in `PREVIEW` mode with the 'country-capitals-asia' lesson.

[NOTE]
====

> After the `start` command starts successfully, BrainTrain will switched to <<quizmode, `Quiz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you start a quiz session with the `start` command, BrainTrain will switch to <<quizmode, `quiz
```

> Mode`>> and you can only enter quiz mode commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mode`>> and you will only be allowed to enter <<quizmode, `quiz mode`>> commands.
```

{empty} +

// tag::quiz[]
[[quizmode]]
=== Quiz mode

> When you <<start, `start`>> a quiz, you will enter quiz mode in which only the following set of quiz commands are allowed. Management commands are disabled in this mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you <<start, `start`>> a quiz, you will enter quiz mode. In this mode, you will only be allowed to enter the following set of quiz commands. Management commands are disabled in this mode.
```
